<title>985 Episode 59 What Ending (6)
Wukong silently gazed up at the sky, then suddenly blurted out a curse.
"Fuck."
In the world he originally lived in, such lines were filtered out. It was because of that damned Archangel. Because of the Archangel's system of correct and beautiful speech and stories, all constellations influenced by Kim Dokja Company were subject to forced filtering restrictions.
Now, all of this was history. The Archangel chose a different 'portal' and went to another world.
<&>「"Great Sage, Heaven's Equal. Are you really going there?"」
The Archangel asked Wukong, who was the only one among the constellations to make a different choice.
<&>「"Yes."」
As he silently answered, the Archangel asked him: You know Kim Dokja well, don't you? The Kim Dokja we know wouldn't exist in the worldline you chose. If he insisted on giving you two choices, there must be a reason.
<&>「"Of course."」
Wukong knew that too. He, too, had been watching Kim Dokja's story longer than anyone else.
<&>「"And yet, you choose that world?"」
The archangel was right. The world he chose might not have the youngest he remembered. Nevertheless, Wukong chose this 'ending'. The reason was simple.
<&>「"At least one star should illuminate the little theme park he created."」
The archangel gazed at him with sad eyes upon hearing his answer, then slowly nodded.
<&>「"Let's meet again."」
Both stars knew they would probably never meet again.
They would never again be able to giggle at the same story with that sweary archangel. They would never share anger and emotion. They would never compete for support or send each other indirect messages.
<&>「"Yes."」
They prayed for each other's blessings on the story, hoping that they could reach their desired endings in the worlds they each chose.
<&>「How is he doing?」
Today, Wukong was curious about the ending the archangel had chosen. What was happening there right now?
Once, out of sheer curiosity, he even tried to peek into that world for a moment. A problem arose immediately, so he stopped, but...
"Welcome."
As he opened the convenience store door and stepped inside, the clerk's mechanical voice rang out.
Wukong nodded slightly and headed to the beverage section. He picked up a bottle of soju, considered it for a moment, and then put it down. Drinking alcohol from the human world didn't even get him drunk. Wukong hated <Emperor>, but he still missed the Seonju he'd occasionally secretly drank from in the heavens. Especially on days like today when he wanted to get drunk.
"Even so, if you have absolutely no experience..."
The security guard interviewer, who had been looking for a job, pushed his glasses up with a look of utter embarrassment on his face.
"Still, you need at least a minimum amount of experience. To perform security duties."
Who dares to talk about 'security experience' to anyone? Wukong, feeling quite offended, frowned and snapped.
"I have experience."
No bodyguard in human history has ever performed a more daunting 'security mission'.
"I've protected Buddhist monks all the way to India. Don't you know that?"
His 'security journey' was even one of the most famous stories in the world.
Of course, the interviewer, who had no way of knowing him, looked at Wukong with a puzzled expression and began to write something down. The interviewer asked again,
"What do you consider your strengths?"
Strengths. What are my strengths?
It was the first time he'd been asked such a question. Wukong pondered his strengths for a long time. He pondered the stories of his life. After a long moment of deep thought, Wukong answered,
"I'm confident in combat."
Fighting. Of all the stars in the world, if asked to name the strongest, he would be in the top five.
The only thing he could be wary of would be that black bastard. It was only natural. Using the full power of the 'Oldest Liberator', he could wield authority that transcended even the myth-grade constellations.
"Fighting..."
Of course, the interviewer, unfamiliar with the meaning of a myth-grade constellation, seemed somewhat displeased with his answer.
"What do you think security is?"
"It's protection."
"How do you protect something?"
"Simple. Just eliminate the threat."
The interviewer shook his head.
"No."
"What?"
"That doesn't mean protection."
"Then?"
"True 'security' begins with acknowledging the impossible."
Wukong was momentarily taken aback by the unexpected answer, then asked back.
"What do you mean? If you give up from the start, you can't be a security guard."
"It's not giving up."
The interviewer continued, seemingly concerned that he didn't understand.
"There are accidents in this world that human power can't prevent. If a building suddenly collapses, how will you protect your client?"
"We can just destroy the collapsing building."
"What if the vehicle we're in gets rear-ended?"
"We can just grab the client and safely escape the car."
"What if a missile suddenly falls?"
"That..."
That's beyond the scope of security. Just as he was starting to think something was off, the interviewer smiled meaningfully and said,
"Interesting. How far can you go to prevent this?"
"What?"
"You've failed the interview. Go back and quietly guard the house."
That was the end of today's interview. He wondered what to say to Hyunsung, who had finally introduced him, but since he'd already been fired, he began to wonder if the problem wasn't with them, but with the company.
"Security."
He chuckled to himself. In fact, he does security every day. To be exact, he's still on his way there.
"Youngest, hyung's here."
With a loud clang from the hallway, Wukong rang the doorbell.
But why? There was no answer. It was strange. The youngest should have been home.
After wandering around for a while, Wukong gripped the front doorknob tightly, then reconsidered and dialed a number.
"Heewon-ah."
—Why?
"What was our house password?"
A deep sigh came from the other end.
—What? You don't even remember the youngest's birthday?
"Oh, of course I know his birthday."
—Well, there's no way a person who lazes around the house all day would have memorized the password.
He wanted to snap, but the words were too harsh to answer.
—How did the interview go?
Beep beep. Wukong answered softly, pressing the familiar password.
"I failed."
—I knew it.
"Listen. This time, it really could have worked out."
—You're being silly. Hang up?
"No, really, listen. I said listen. I think that interviewer—"
When the door creaked open, Wukong realized something was off.
The air in the house felt subtly different. He saw a delivery box rolling around in the hallway. There was no tracking number on it.
Listening to Heewon's voice pecking at him through the phone, Wukong searched every corner of the house.
No. Thinking that couldn't be happening, thinking that a single moment of carelessness couldn't have led to this—but.
"Heewon-ah."
He raised his alertness, sniffed, and there was no mistaking it. All his senses pointed to a single truth.
"Come home right now."
The object of his guard vanished.
***
An hour later, the three of them gathered at the house. In the tense atmosphere, it was Heewon who spoke first.
"Didn't he just go out for a quick breather?"
"If that were the case, would I have called you?"
"I really did, so I came out for a moment. I have to go right back in. If you make a fuss again, I'll kill you, seriously."
"That doesn't feel right. I think something's happened to the youngest."
"I know what you mean, but you're being overprotective. He's twenty-eight, too. No, actually, he's even older than that..."
"Twenty-eight is practically a baby."
"That's based on you zodiac signs—"
Hyunsung quickly intervened, trying to stop them both.
"You two, calm down. First, take a look at this."
"What's this?"
"I installed it a while ago just in case something like this happened."
A live view of the house was displayed on Hyunsung's smartphone screen. Looking closely, he saw a small home cam running above the living room television.
"What? When did you install this?"
"When Dokja-ssi was briefly absent the other day. I only installed it in the living room and his room."
If Kim Dokja had heard, he would have been nitpicking about human rights and privacy, but none of the three of them brought that up.
To begin with, they had no interest in Kim Dokja's human rights or privacy.
"Rewind it quickly."
Hyunsung quickly flipped the screen to check the last scene recorded on the home cam.
Someone rings the doorbell. Kim Dokja hesitates and goes outside. And then Kim Dokja returns and takes a book out of a box.
『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』.
The three of them glanced at each other, confirming the title on the screen.
"What on earth—"
Who on earth had brought that book? Or rather, how could that 'story' exist in this 'world'?
Wukong, staring intently at the screen, said,
"Something similar happened before."
One day, the youngest had downloaded an unknown app on his phone. Through that app, he was still reading that novel at the time.
Luckily, Hyunsung discovered this and placed a child lock on Kim Dokja's phone, and Heewon hit the back of Kim Dokja's head hard, erasing his memories.
"The youngest shouldn't read that story."
When Wukong spoke, the other two nodded.
For some unknown reason, this world's Kim Dokja had sealed his memories deep within his mind. The three believed this was Kim Dokja's will and decided to respect it.
Although it was sad that Kim Dokja couldn't remember them, if he had chosen that ending, there must have been a good reason.
"So where is Dokja-ssi now? You installed a location tracking app before, didn't you?"
"The GPS is off."
Hyunsung said sobbing. Heewon, feeling dizzy, slumped down on the sofa, clutching her forehead.
Startled, Hyunsung strode over to her and asked,
"Are you alright?"
"It's okay. I just had a bit of a headache since yesterday."
Heewon's words were strangely stirring. Sensing the ominous movement, Wukong narrowed his eyes and said.
"Someone has interfered with this world."
Heewon muttered, tilting her head back and closing her eyes.
"Should we report it to the police?"
Wukong shook his head and replied,
"There's no way we'll find him that way."
This world was a small theme park created by Kim Dokja. A world filled with the desire to live in a large house with his companions.
"You should know this very well. This world operates on the youngest's imagination."
Kim Dokja didn't know it, but it was none other than Kim Dokja himself who maintained this world. If Kim Dokja truly wanted to hide from them, they wouldn't be able to find him.
Hyunsung spoke, his face darkening slightly.
"Then what should we do? If something happened to Dokja-ssi…"
"It's not like we have no clues."
The moment Wukong said that, Heewon, who was sitting on the sofa, opened her eyes wide. Hyunsung, too, seemed to remember something and was looking at the home cam screen.
Wukong continued.
"If the youngest really read 'that story'."
There was only one book in the delivery box.
"There's only one place he could go."
With Wukong's words, Heewon abruptly stood up from her seat.
"Let's go now."
The place they had to go was clear.
<&>「That's where this whole story began.」
And...
<&>「The place where he first saw the youngest.」
Kim Dokja would definitely be there.
